so after the ending of episode one
there's definitely going to be some
tension between mitch and james cruz we
finished episode one with terry being
shot and it's definitely going to have a
lot of backlash with revenge involved
but we're going to go through what to
expect for episode 2 as meech seeks
revenge how is all his being blamed for
the trouble by his parents what his next
moves are going to be looking at some of
the new images for episode 2 as well and
breaking down the synopsis as we
normally do for power but of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscribe button if you want
to see everything bmf and power universe
related but let's have a look at the
synopsis 4 episode 2 which is titled
rumors and it reads tension rises
between the 50 boys and their rivals
which creates repercussions lamar plants
misinformation so he can actively step
towards the throne so let's break this
down until all things episode 2 as
tension starts to rise between the
rivals as we saw in episode 1 already
with meech and terry how they went to go
see jmo and the 12th street boys the
12th street boys weren't happy that
mitch had stepped in on some unmarked
territory and meech in the end gave them
this territory after terry pulled a
strap at the meeting and there's
definitely going to be some more tension
after the ending of episode 1 when terry
was shot and here's the thing with black
mafia family being based on a true story
with demetrius and terry flannery this
actually happened terry was shot outside
his baby mom's house and he lost his eye
but in real life they never found out
who was really behind the gun and who
shot terry so i don't know whether
they're gonna go down this same route
but we all know that lamar wants his
throne back and when he meets after
seeing him with his girl he warned him
that next time he's not gonna miss and
lamar definitely is a crazy character
which i'm gonna get to later on in this
video and we're going to have a look at
his character description as well but
meech is definitely going to be seeking
revenge especially when he rolls up to
the hospital locked and loaded because
one thing you definitely don't do is you
come for someone's family these are two
brothers who have been on a journey ever
since they were young kids as mead said
nothing comes between us little brother
we're a team so we're gonna see mitch
really trying to protect his family and
that's what he wanted to do all along
anyway they grew up not really having
much of the family for example we saw
the fridge we saw how empty it was we
saw how terri had to boil at water just
to wash himself and there wasn't even
any milk for him to have any cereal they
were behind on their mortgage payments
and meat just wanted to protect his own
and eventually i do see his mom's
accepting meech's money because their
situation isn't going to get any better
with them being behind on their mortgage
payments and this will no doubt cause
some more tension between the flannery
household because charles has made it
clear that he definitely doesn't want to
accept michael's money whether it's for
the mortgage for the house his sister
nicole's school trip he definitely
doesn't want to accept his dirty money
but we're also going to see him getting
the blame for what happened to terry as
all the siblings always do get the blame
because parents will hold the older
sibling responsible for things that
happen with their younger brothers and
sisters because you're supposed to be
the one who sets an example but it's
terry who takes the blame after he took
the blame in the first episode for the
gun that terry brought into the house
and now lucille is going to tell him
that if terry dies this is on you this
is a constant theme that we're going to
see throughout not just season one but
throughout this series which is going to
take the blame for a lot of things that
terry does because if you watch the
documentaries and read up on the
relationship between terry and meech
there's definitely a lot of instances
where meech takes the blames for the
actions of terry and as i said this is
the relationship that they had meech is
the big brother and he feels as if he
has to protect his younger brother and
his family so he's going to be on a
revenge mission where he goes after
kwame who's in terry's class was mocking
him for the baby that he had on the way
and this is an image from episode 2
where meech confronts kwame and we all
know how mitch has his presence already
where he has respect but as meat said in
the first episode their crew ain't big
enough to get into a war with the 12th
street boys and their actions will have
consequences
as there definitely will be
repercussions in episode two no doubt
the 50 and the 12th street boys will
come face to face and as problems start
to brew between the two crews this is
where lamar is going to try and step in
and take advantage of the situation he's
going to plant some misinformation which
mitch will probably act on so there's a
path towards the throne now we learned
that lamar was a legend on these streets
which he used to terrorize he just came
our mental health institution after two
years and the first thing that he saw
was his girl with meech but that's not
what he was pissed about he used to run
these streets in these corners that have
been taken by the 12th street and the 50
boys and as meech and james beef starts
to pick up this is where lamar will try
and take advantage of this whole
situation we even heard pat teaching
reach that these are the streets that
we're talking about if someone stepping
on your toes then you have to make them
back up and we're going to see me take
on pat's teachings but he also mentioned
that there's going to be competition
because lamar is back in town he used to
run e-course the one who they say
kidnapped the rapper strung him up to a
beehive naked and he really is going to
be this crazy character he's a fearsome
thug in a durag who recently returned to
the neighborhood after a stint in a
mental hospital lamar was locked up
there instead of going to prison where
he really belonged a legend in his own
time and a casual killer who becomes
delivered when he sees meech leaving his
girlfriend's house lamar becomes more
incensed when he discovers that mitch
and his crew have taken over the crack
trade that he left two years ago he's
out to return things back to the way
they used to be by any means necessary
which puts him and meech on a collision
course so that's what we know from lamar
silas's character description and with
him trying to reclaim the streets we're
going to see him and meech clashing over
and over again this season not just over
his girl but the drug game because he
really will do anything to regain
control of what he believes is his and
he proved to us that he's someone who
rides solo when he turn down the offer
from jmo at the club to work with them
but to regain control over these streets
he's gonna need some more muscle and he
may be on his own for now but for how
long because he could very well take up
jaimo's offer or even someone else later
on which is what we know from jaimo's
character description now of course we
all know that terry's going to be okay
and when he's back him and meech we'll
be back up with a brand new idea to
start selling their drugs as they step
up their drug operation but let's run
through a few of the images for episode
two that have been released there's
meech and b mickey who's effectively the
third in command to meet and terry who's
been with them since day one and he's
never wanted to shy away from the
violent side of the streets he's a
shooter but he's someone who's secretly
sleeping with someone else that could
jeopardize the integrity of their crew
so who is sleeping with i'm sure we'll
find out soon enough there's mitchell's
going to be stepping to kwame of course
as we went through earlier on in this
video now meet your detective brian
who's meech's former baseball coach
who's also a police officer now he does
favors for meech as he gets laced with
cash in return but the question is how
long can a person be protecting and
serving the community continue to play
both sides of the fence so as we've seen
from the first episode detective brian
is going to protect meech and help him
when he can and when he's asked to after
he helped me to deal with mrs griffin
but how long can he help meech for when
is enough going to be enough for
detective brian what's going to be the
turning point for him to tell meech that
he can't protect him or help him anymore
and play that side of the law for him so
we're definitely going to see meech
pushing the boundaries of detective
brian over the course of this first
season so that's just a little breakdown
of what we can expect going into episode
2 of bmf and this is going to be one
hell of a show i think it could be even
one of 50s best shows that he's released
he's got the power universe with
powerbook 2 ghost powerbook 3 raising
kanan we just finished with a very good
first season and they're still in my
opinion the best to come which is
powerbook full force but no doubt bmf is
off to a great start with the very first
episode and we'll continue to do so over
the course of the next seven but let me
know what you guys think down below in
the comment section drop all your
predictions for episode two in the
comment section and of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you don't see
everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time